Add 'max_connections' parameter in 'signalfx' exporter (#5432)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/signalfxexporter/README.md

that are allowed to be used as a dimension key in addition to alphanumeric 
characters. Each nonalphanumeric dimension key character that isn't in this string 
will be replaced with a `_`.

> - `max_connections` (default = 100): MaxConnections is used to set a limit to the maximum

Reviewer: if this parameters is used to set the max number of idle connections I think that it might make more sense to name it max_idle_connections

Author: I have taken a reference of [sapm](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/exporter/sapmexporter/config.go#L49) exporter, Which has the same parameter for the same purpose.

Reviewer: okay, makes sense, thanks

Reviewer 2: I can see it either way, but if we want to enforce this overall it could additionally be used to set the `MaxConnsPerHost` transport option.

> - `max_connections` (default = 100): MaxConnections is used to set a limit to the maximum

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `max_connections` (default = 100): The maximum number of
```
